#378: API-core-view-Subview_type from md to rst (#419)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/core/view/Subview_type.rst

``Kokkos::Subview``
===================

.. role:: cppkokkos(code)
   :language: cppkokkos

.. _subviewfunc: subview.html

.. |subviewfunc| replace:: ``Kokkos::subview()``

Header File: ``Kokkos_Core.hpp``

> Alias template to deduce the type that is returned by a call to the |subviewfunc|_ function with given arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description
-------------

Alias template to deduce the type that is returned by a call to the |subviewfunc|_ function with given arguments.
```

Reviewer 2: sorry i lost the description section

Interface
---------

.. code-block:: cpp

   template <class ViewType, class... Args>
   using Subview = IMPL_DETAIL; // deduce subview type from source view traits

> Type of a ``Kokkos::View`` referencing a subset of ``ViewType`` specified by ``Args...``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type of the result of ``Kokkos::subview(ViewType view_arg, Args .... args)``
```

Reviewer 2: i like this

> Requires: ``sizeof... (Args) == ViewType::rank()``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requirements:
----------------

- ``ViewType`` is a specialization of ``Kokkos::View``
- ``Args...`` are slice specifiers as defined in |subviewfunc|_.
- ``sizeof... (Args) == ViewType::rank()``.
```

Reviewer 2: ```
- ``Args...`` are slice specifiers as defined in |subviewfunc|_.
```
how about 
```
- ``Args...`` variadic arguments specifying the desired slice as defined in |subviewfunc|_.
```

?
